All right.
So picking up from where I left off in the last lesson.
We're going to take a look at the next sub exercise.
So we were doing 8.1 and now we're on 8.2, which is going to be pretty much the same thing.
Do the same as 8.1.
But for the night to get the can add night test method working the method you wrote an eight point one
to add a pun should also be able to accept a night.
So we want to be able to reuse that same add method.
That's kind of the key there.
Please be mindful that you'll need to utilize object oriented techniques you learned in this section
to get this all working properly.
So let's go take a look at the code.
All right, so here's our first add method for the pun, and we did this board that add here.
And so down here now I'm doing the exact same things, except instead of creating a pun, I'm creating
a night, right?
And I'm setting a color on that.
And that's just I was just doing something different here just to force myself to have something different.
I don't know that I'm going to get too deep into why I'm doing this here yet.
Let's just go a little further and see.
But here's the main thing board dot add.
And now I'm adding a night instead of a pawn.
OK.
And so as I already mentioned in the last lesson, if we want this, if we want to be able to use the
same add method, which is what the exercise is calling for, but we need that method to be able to
accept two different types.
Then, according to the rules of object orientation, those two different types need to have something
in common, need to have a type in common.
And there are two ways that we could conceivably do that.
Either those two classes, Pon and Night, need to implement the same interface, or they need to extend
either directly or indirectly from the same superclass.
OK, so now let's go dig in to this night class and see how I decided to solve that issue.
OK, so here we are in the night class, and you can see that I made it extend a class called chess
piece.
And if we jump over to the -- class, you will see that -- also extends chess piece.
OK.
And then if we go over to the chess board class where we've got the add method, you will see that the
add method doesn't accept a knight or a pawn.
It actually just accepts a chess piece in general.
OK.
And so that is how we are able to make one add method that can accept different kinds of chess pieces.
As long as those chess pieces have common properties that we are able to refer to from within whatever
our add method or wherever we're using these generic chess pieces, OK?
And in fact, if I'm not mistaken, I don't think we will see any references specifically to a pawn
or to a knight in this chess board class.
If we need to refer to a chess piece in general, we will just use the term chess piece here.
OK.
So I think that's a true statement, I shouldn't have any references specifically to any particular
type of chess piece.
OK.
All right.
So let's go back over to the test.
And other than that, everything else is the same.
And so now again, you understand why I am casting when I get the chess piece that is that location,
see one in this case, when I get that chess piece back from that location, you see now why I am casting
it to something of tape night, though I did mention in the last lesson.
I don't need to do this for anything to work.
In fact, I will take that out just to show you that it's completely unnecessary.
I could just.
Do this, and that will still work just as well.
OK, so there's that, I guess I will put that back, though, for now just because.
All right.
So I don't think any further explanation is needed for this test.
So, so now jumping back into the exercise is let's look at exercise number three, switching to the
J Unit test in the Pond Test Java File Enable the pond can move one forward test to pass by implementing
the necessary code.
This is where you'll really begin to try implementing some business or game logic.
OK, so I'm not going to read this whole thing.
You've probably already read it, hopefully.
But let's jump over into that test class pond test.
All right.
So that is right here.
Pond test.
OK, so we've got this test method here.
Pond can move one forward.
So what am I saying here?
Well, what I'm saying is if we have a pond such as this black pond here and remember for the black
pieces, they're going down this board white pieces, which would be down in these two rows down here,
they'd be going up the board.
OK.
So for this pond right here, that test is just saying that one of the legally allowed or valid moves
of this pond would be to go forward by one square.
Now that's not saying that that's the only legal move that this pond can make.
That's just saying that is one of the legal moves that this pond could make.
So this test wants to test whether or not that is in fact one of the legal moves that that pond could
make.
Now, in our particular case, let me be a little more accurate here.
Let's see.
I don't know if I specified exactly what Oh yeah, I did, OK.
So we're saying that there's a pond on square a two and we want to confirm or verify or assert actually
that that pond on a two is allowed to move to square a three.
And let me just show that right here.
So if we're on a two and we've got a pond here, then we're saying one of the valid squares that that
pond could move to in general is a three.
OK.
Likewise, if the pond were on B to one of its legal moves could be two square B three.
All right.
And I think I even said that here B to B three e five to Essex, et cetera.
So how do we code this?
Now this is going to be a little bit more involved for the way that I went about doing it.
And I'm going to acknowledge that I probably hit a number of steps that you may or may not have hit
in order to do this.
So here I am, creating a pond and I'm going to going ahead and just stating that that's a white pond,
because my example here states that the pond is on square a two.
And so with this depiction of a chessboard where the black pieces are going down the board, then that
would mean that the that white pieces have to be down here going up the board.
OK, so that's why I just decided to make the pond white.
You certainly could have a chess board depiction where the white pieces are at the top, so that doesn't
actually matter for for chess necessarily.
That's just the way I chose to do it because I was referring to this particular image while I was working
on the code and I wanted it everything to kind of make sense.
All right.
So we've got a pun here on a two and and so we want to confirm or assert that one of its legal moves
would be to a three.
So I'm creating upon it's white, then I'm explicitly setting its coordinates now here because this
is a test class for just testing the pond.
And so my tests here are more from the perspective of a pond, rather than from the perspective of a
chess board.
So those last tests that we were looking at over here in chess board test, these tests are testing
functionality of the chess board itself, right?
We were testing the add method and we were also really testing the get piece at co-ords method as well.
These are two sides of the same coin, if you will, these two methods, OK.
But now we're testing functionality of the pawn.
And so I need a way to set some coordinates on the pawn without having a chess board.
OK.
And so I created this method set coordinates, and I'm sending it to A-2 now here.
I was a little less consistent, and I'm going to talk a little bit more about this in just a second.
So here I decided to re-use.
This coordinates class that I created already when I was working on the chess board.
And so I decided to just allow myself to pass in.
This coordinates thing.
Now, one thing I could do here is I could consider overloading this method set coordinates to allow
myself to not have to explicitly create this new coordinates object every time I call this method so
that.
If I were to do it, it would look like pond at set coordinates.
And then I could just pass in the A2, which is the way that I was using some of the methods on the
chessboard class itself.
I could do this and I could have both of these methods, or I could get rid of this one and just have
this version.
And then internal to this method, I would just be doing this right.
So I wouldn't I would just be kind of pushing this down and kind of hiding the fact that we have this
coordinates object that's being created.
I could hide that down and, you know, stuff that down into this method.
There are things like that that you could consider doing.
I'm not going to bother with that now, but those are things that you could consider.
So let's step back and consider now, what are we really doing here?
So what we're really wanting to do is we're wanting to ask the pawn a pawn, considering that you are
currently on square a two.
Can you tell me where are all of the valid squares that you would be allowed to move to?
Just in general, OK, let's assume that no other squares are occupied or, you know, they're all wide
open and everything else.
What are all of the valid places where you would be allowed to move right now?
That's what we're kind of going to ask the pawn and then we're going to assert, OK.
Of all of the squares that you would be allowed to move is square a three.
One of them.
That's what we're doing in this test.
OK, so we're asking upon.
Give me all your valid squares and then we're going to check and see is one of those squares square
a three.
OK.
And so the way we ask the pawn, gimme all your valid moves is right here on line 16, we call this
method pawn that get valid moves.
Now, obviously, I created this method OK.
And I was forced to create this method in order to get this test working.
Now, you may have thought of a completely different way to go about doing this, but this is the approach
that I came up with was to actually create a method called get valid moves that returns back an array
of coordinates.
In my case, OK?
And these are all the valid moves.
Now you might have made a method.
You may have come up with the idea, perhaps of making a method that maybe is something like pond.
I don't know.
Get next, move or get permissible move or something like that.
And maybe your method just returns a string, you know, and maybe that string would just say a three,
which really would be kind of similar to what I'm doing here, but maybe a little less object oriented
in some ways.
OK, so that might be OK, that might be OK.
But the way that I decided to do it was to have a method that returns back a whole entire array of all
of the valid moves.
And you'll see why I did that shortly.
OK, so let's see how that method is working because this gets a little more involved.
Get valid moves.
Let me make a little room here.
OK, so the get valid moves method is pretty involved.
Now you're going to see it looking even more complex than it needs to for that one test because you're
seeing my code as it now exists in order to satisfy all of the exercises.
OK, so you're not unfortunately, you're not getting a chance to see me build this up one unit test
at a time.
OK.
You're seeing all of the code that I needed to write eventually in order to get all of the unit tests
for all of the exercises working.
But it will try to ignore to some extent the parts of the code that are not pertinent to what we're
looking at, if we can.
So my approach for getting the valid moves is a little bit involved, but this is where we really get
into how we can use object orientation to rate sophisticated code that doesn't have to be too scary
looking, hopefully.
OK, so first, let's jump over to the chess board, and I want to try to explain the general philosophy
and the approach that I decided to take in calculating all of the valid moves of any particular piece.
OK.
So if we've got a pun on Square A2, I know that one of the valid moves for for that pawn would be one
square forward in general.
I keep saying in general, because I'm saying like, let's ignore for right now whether or not that
square might already have been occupied by some other chess piece.
OK, so let's just assume that we don't care about that for right now, which actually we don't.
OK.
So if the one rule that we need for right now is wherever there is a pawn, one of that pawn valid moves
is always to move one square forward from wherever it currently is.
OK.
So one way of thinking about that is to consider.
Or if I met at an X-Y location like, well, let's say, a two.
Then if I want to calculate one of my valid moves for a pawn, then I can take that coordinated way
too.
And I can add +1 to the rank.
OK, so the rank is two so I can take the existing.
The existing rank of two and just add one to it, and that is one of the valid moves for upon.
OK, so I can think of it in terms of the delta or the difference between where you currently are and
where you want to be.
So just add one essentially.
OK, so armed with that knowledge, what I decided to do was to come up with a way that I could take
an existing coordinate.
And remember, now I created a class for coordinates, right?
This coordinate class, I came up with a way that I could take an existing coordinate and supply it
with an offset.
So an offset in this case would be X and Y integers that can be added to the existing coordinate.
OK?
So if I have a given coordinate like I have right here, then I created a method called Get Offset,
where I could pass in an additional amount of X and an additional amount of Y to add to that existing
coordinate.
OK.
So if I have a coordinate of a two and I set the X.
Two zero.
X would be going in this direction.
OK.
Left and right, if I said the X offset to zero and I set the Y offset to one, then that would simply
add zero to the file, which would mean I'd stay on the a file here and it would add one to the rank,
which means I would go from two to three.
OK.
And in this way, because I'm giving relative deltas, I don't need to even care where I actually am
starting from.
OK, my code doesn't need to care where it's starting from.
It's doing it relative to where it already is.
So here you see that I'm supplying a zero for an ex offset.
And then I'm doing this complicated looking stuff here.
But the main thing for you to note is that I'm setting a negative one for the why offset?
Now that's probably not what you were expecting.
Why is it a negative one?
Well, the reason for the negative one is because my X and Y offsets are not using chess notation.
They are actually using the array, the array, the two dimensional array.
And so coming back over here again, if we look at this chessboard in terms of it being a two dimensional
array, the way to look at that would be that this row here is not row eight, it's actually row zero.
And this would be one two three four five six and seven right zero through seven.
And so right here in array notation, if you will.
We are actually on square zero six zero comma six.
OK.
And now we want to go from zero comma six to this square here, which would in our array notation would
be zero comma five.
Right.
So we'd be going from six to five.
OK, now that's just the way that I decided to encode the chessboard using a two dimensional array.
If you had decided to use a two two dimensional array, you may have decided that this square right
here is zero zero.
And your numbers are going up like this.
You might have decided to do that.
I decided to make this square zero zero because that matches up with more of how I think of arrays.
I think of arrays typically as starting in the top left, especially the two dimensional array.
And I wanted everything to align with what I was visually seeing here on this board, minus the minus
the chess coordinates, that is OK.
And so that's just how I decided to map this.
I don't know if this is true or not, but I was a little concerned that if I mapped it with the square
down here being zero zero, that I might get a little confused by other things.
But you know what?
You may have to flip things around one way or the other anyway, right?
Some people, for some strange reason, might have decided to make this square.
Zero zero.
You could do it any way you want.
You're just going to have to know that you'll have to translate something somewhere.
I'm having to translate now the zero to an eight right on the chess notation.
This is an eight.
But in the array notation, this is a zero.
OK.
But anyway, the main thing to note here is that for the array notation, which is what I'm using for
the X Y coordinates, this is six.
And this is five.
And so to move forward visually on this chessboard for a white piece, I actually need to decrease or
decrement the Y value here.
OK.
And so you see me here using a negative one.
OK, so I'm saying take whatever the y value is right here, which in this case is a six and then add
negative one to a six, which would be five.
And that brings me to here, and that's how I move forward.
OK.
And so that's what I'm doing here.
Now this other bit here calculate y with direction factor.
This is kind of interesting, so I don't think I'm going to get too deep into this right now.
But I will simply state that this method here is allowing my code to factor in whether or not we're
talking about white pieces or black pieces.
Because if we're talking about white pieces down here on this part of the board, then moving forward
means to go this way, which in array notation means to go negatively right or to subtract numbers essentially
right.
If you're going in this direction, however, if you are a black piece and a pawn is going forward,
forward means to increase the array numbers in the y axis.
OK.
Because again, this would be zero.
This is one two three.
So if you want this pawn to move forward some squares, then that means wherever he currently is, which
in this case would be a y axis value of one.
Then he's going to you're going to be adding like a one to it or something.
So now you're at two or three or whatever.
OK.
And so this method here takes into account what color your pawn is and then allows the same offset values
to work, whether or not we're talking about black pieces or white pieces.
OK, well, I guess I'm getting into it now, so let me go ahead and just finish explaining this.
So basically, if we take a look at this method here, calculate y with direction factor, that's what
this stands for.
Let's see, where did I put that method?
I think I actually pushed this method up into the chess piece class itself.
Yep, I did.
So all this does is it just takes a look at what the color of the chess piece is, and it says, Right
here I'm using a ternary.
OK.
So I'm saying, if the color of this chess piece, this is a property, by the way, color here, and
that's just a property of all chess pieces, OK?
So if the color of this particular chess piece at this time is white, so you can think if the color
of this chess piece is white, then returned a positive one.
Otherwise, return a negative one.
OK, so let's see what how that what that would do.
And then and then we take whatever the offset.
Was and then we just multiply.
So this is a a programming math trick that you will see from time to time and encoding.
If you want to flip the sign of a number, especially an integer, very easily, you can simply multiply
it times negative one.
Right.
So if the number was positive and you multiply it times negative one, it will now be negative.
And if it was a negative, then you multiply it times negative one, then it will suddenly flip back
to being positive, right?
It's just a nice algebraic trick.
OK.
So that essentially just says that if this is a white piece, which would mean it's down here, then
we want the negative one to remain negative one, which means that the direction factor will be positive
one and positive one times negative one will be negative one, right?
On the other hand, if the pun happens to be black and we wanted to move forward by one square, then
the y direction factor will be negative one.
And so that will get multiplied times the negative one that we already have here, which will end up
being a positive one, which means that it will move forward using array notation forward by one, which
would mean we'll go from zero one two zero one two, right?
And so that's what this method is doing.
OK, now what you unfortunately don't get to see here is the time that I spent thinking of, huh, how
can I make it so that if it's black, it goes this way?
And if it's white, it goes that way, right?
And honestly, I don't remember how long it took me to think of that.
Probably not that long, because, you know, I've been coding a long time and I was pretty familiar
with the fact that, yeah, we've got these, you know, I could just use a trick like this to get that
going.
For some of you who have never thought in this way before.
It may have taken you longer or you might not have ever thought of that.
I'm kind of jumping ahead, though, to a future use case, but I went ahead and just decided to explain
that now.
All right.
So at any rate, this get offset method here simply creates a new coordinate from the existing one.
So let's jump into that and see what it's doing.
So this is a method that lives on the coordinates class, OK?
And so it takes the existing coordinate, which in this case would be a two which in array notation
would be zero comma six zero comma six.
And then it takes our offset, which would be zero comma negative one.
OK, zero comma negative one.
And then it just does the math to create a new coordinate.
OK.
So we take the existing value of X, which is zero and we're adding a zero in this particular case.
So that's still going to be zero.
And then we take the existing Y, which is six, and then we're adding the offset, which will now be
negative one, which will result in a five, right?
And so we end up with a new coordinate of zero comma five.
That's what this is doing.
This gets offset.
OK.
And then I end up storing that in a variable called forward one.
So in other words, I'm saying one of the valid moves that our pawn can make is to move forward by one
square.
And so I'm taking this new coordinate and then I'm setting it on an array of valid moves.
OK, so I'm just collecting all of the valid moves.
OK, I know what all the valid moves are for a pawn.
OK?
And so I'm just adding them into this array.
All right.
Now you'll see in the, I think, maybe next section or module where we cover collections, where we
will probably decide to revise this and make use of proper Java collections because there's a way better
way to do this.
I just was trying to only utilize the things that you have actually learned up into this point.
Mostly, OK.
I tried not to cheat, but this can be done way more easily with an actual proper collection.
I almost never use actual arrays, and I think I mentioned that in somewhere.
I don't know.
Anyway, OK, so then I store that in in this array, and let's pretend like these other things aren't
here yet because those are future use cases or future exercises.
OK.
And then all I need to do now is just return this array.
All right, really?
This array right here?
OK.
This bit up here, by the way, is me just tracking how many moves I have hardcoded into this array.
So you can sort of ignore that for right now.
And then I return the array, so get valid news will return an array of all of the valid moves.
Then I create an expected destination as a coordinate and I set that to a three.
And then all I'm doing is asserting that, hey, one of the valid moves in.
Here should look like this one right here with a three, that's basically what I'm doing.
OK, now I'm doing it in a slightly fancy way because this is an array and all I want to say is is one
of the elements in this array, something that looks like this.
There is no direct way for me to do that with just the basic J unit methods.
I needed some kind of helper method or something that could actually search through my array and find
a match if there is one.
And so I decided to write a method called Is move found in array.
And if we jump into this method, all it is is a for loop.
So it takes an input of an array and the move that we're looking for and it iterate over that array
according to the number of elements that are in the array.
OK.
So I set up a variable, an integer variable starting at zero.
And while X is less than however many elements are inside of this coordinates array, I increment the
variable and that allows me to iterate over each of the elements in the array.
So that's that's how this is working now.
As I'm looking at this, even I'm kind of wondering why I didn't use the enhanced for Loop.
I think I've taught that already.
Now, forgive me, I'm actually recording these lessons a little bit out of order.
I've already recorded many, many more sections beyond this one, and now I've been creating the exercises
that have gone back.
So I can't remember offhand if I've thought the enhanced for Loop yet, I think I'm pretty sure I have,
though I'm pretty sure I have.
So I think I alternatively could have just done this as well.
I probably just didn't think of it at the time.
Let's see, I could do something like for it in its current chords.
Moves, moves and then if current cohort study equals expected move.
Then return true.
Think I could have just done this to.
And actually, that's maybe even a little nicer looking, so there's another way to do that.
Yeah, that does look better.
I don't know why.
I don't know why I didn't do it this way before I might have started off.
I might have evolved the code in some way that caused me to want to do it with the old fashioned for
loop.
Let's run the tests real quick and just confirm that this still works.
In fact, I will run all the tests.
Yeah, so that still works just fine.
So yeah, so that's a probably arguably a better way to do that anyway, using the enhanced for loop
and forgive me if I hadn't taught the enhanced for loop at this point.
But like I said, I'm pretty sure I have.
So there you go.
There's a nicer way to do that.
Oh, and so one other thing I want to show you, though, is where this method is now.
I created this method inside of a class called chess piece test.
Now, why did I do that?
Well, I was thinking that I would reuse this method, probably for other chest piece tests, right?
So if you see here currently I'm in the pond test where I wanted to use this, but what if I wanted
to do this same kind of checking for the night test class, right?
I don't want to duplicate this method in two different places.
I want to just reuse the same method.
So there are generally two ways that I could do that.
I can either do what I did and just introduce a super class for my test class itself and then write
that method up in that super class.
And then my night test class could extend this same class and then reuse that method.
I could do it that way.
Or I could also have just made this method a static method on a what I like to call utility class.
And that would work too.
And in fact, I know a lot of Java developers might have even preferred that I had done it that way
because a lot of Java developers are horrified of using object orientation and class hierarchies.
And let me just say this real quick.
I think I might have said it in one of the other lessons, but I will repeat this one of the reasons
why a lot of developers, a lot of Java developers are, in my opinion, kind of scarred and horrified
to use class hierarchies very much is because they've been on projects where class hierarchies are abused
and used so badly that it that they just kind of want to mostly stay away from it.
What that looks like when you do see a class hierarchy that is run amuck is you'll often see many,
many levels in the class hierarchy.
I don't mean like two or three.
I mean, like eight, nine, 10, whatever, just ridiculous numbers.
And that becomes really complicated and confusing to follow.
And so in that case, it is perfectly understandable why someone who is scarred from working in projects
like that would almost want to just square off using class hierarchies at all.
Unfortunately, the way human beings tend to work is we tend to swing wildly from one extreme to the
other.
So some Java architect, probably on some project, learned about class hierarchies and then went crazy
with them and made a class hierarchy that was way too deep and way too complex, and brought much pain
and suffering to everyone else on that project.
And so then smart people who felt that pain and suffering swung all the way to the other side of the
spectrum and decided I will almost never use class hierarchies for anything ever.
And in my opinion, both of these extremes are wrong.
The better solution is to learn when to use class hierarchy and when not to.
And don't use it when you shouldn't.
OK.
So in my case, for now, I'm not afraid to introduce one level of class hierarchy to my unit tests
for two reasons.
First off, I wanted to show you the fact that, yes, even tests can make use of these object oriented
techniques.
Basically, we're just trying not to have duplicated code.
OK.
That's basically what we're trying to do here.
If the only place where I might ever use this method is in tests that are related to test pieces, then
it might very well make sense for me to just introduce a super class called test piece test and put
this method there.
Now, the minute that I start to realize that I want to use this method in some other contexts beyond
just a chess piece, then the alternative that I outlined earlier might make sense where I might make
this method a static method on a separate class.
And maybe I will just call it chess, test utilities or something like that.
And then that would be a static method there, and I could still use it just like I'm using it here,
and it would still be reusable and everything.
But now I'm not using a class hierarchy.
My point here is don't be afraid to use class hierarchies and also don't abuse class hierarchies.
And I know a lot of humans just aren't really good with living kind of in the middle place there.
It's much easier to just be all the way on one.
Side are all the way on the other.
Unfortunately, that is rarely the right place to be, in my opinion.
All right.
Let's see.
So.
So yeah, that method is simply iterating through our array looking for a match.
And if it finds a match, then it short circuits the iterations by short circuit.
I mean, it stops.
It jumps out of the method early with this return statement here.
Right?
And it just returns a true right away.
Otherwise, if it gets to the end of this array loop and it never finds a match with this equals method,
then it returns a false.
OK, now another thing I need to mention here is the fact that we're using this equals method at all.
And I think this is one place where I probably did have to cheat a little bit because I believe I haven't
explicitly thought much about the equals method yet.
So forgive me for that.
But let me go ahead and just show you really quickly what I'm doing there.
So this equals method is just a way for us to allow Java to test whether or not two objects have the
same values.
OK, so they don't have to actually explicitly be the same object in memory, but as long as they have
the same properties, they will be considered to be equal.
OK.
Let me jump in to this method so you can see what that looks like.
So the way I got this method, you may have seen me do this, but I don't know that I taught it explicitly
yet.
I knew I will be teaching it in more depth in the collections section.
But I allowed the idea to generate this method for me.
OK.
And that's the main thing you need to know for right now.
So I can put my cursor somewhere on some blank space in a class and then I can do a command in four
generate.
Or if you're in Windows or Linux, then you can just right click, I think, on empty space somewhere
and go down to generate.
You can come down here and then choose to generate equals and hash code method.
And then it will take a look at all the properties that are on the given class.
And it will ask you, Do you want to use those properties to factor them in to the generation of your
equals and hash code method?
So what that's basically doing is it's just going to say if I see two coordinate objects and you want
me to compare them to determine if they are equivalent to each other.
What are the properties of the coordinate objects that you want me?
The the idea generating your equals method to use to determine whether or not they are equal.
So if you have to coordinate objects and they both have the same X in the same Y values, for example,
maybe that is sufficient to determine that they are equal.
OK?
You get to decide that when you have the idea, generate an equals method for you.
Now, it will also generate this hash code thing that you will definitely learn about in the.
I think, next next module or section.
But in general, whatever properties you choose to tie to your equals method should also be used for
the hash code method.
OK?
That's the long and short of that.
And so that's what's going on here.
And then we can return a true otherwise we will just return a false.
And so then you get to see me use another assertion from J Unit, which is assert true.
I can't use assert equals now because I'm not explicitly comparing two items anymore.
Instead, I'm just saying loop over all the items in this array and find a match for this guy here.
And if you do find one return, true.
So if that happens, then this assertion will be true.
Right?
And if it doesn't find a match, then this method returns false, which isn't true.
And therefore this assertion will fail and therefore the test will fail.
OK, now if this test does fail, then I'm also using this alternative version of the assertion where
I can supply a message and my message here will be move blah blah blah not found and this blah blah
blah.
Here is the expected destination.
Now what will actually be printed here is the two string method of the coordinates of this expected
destination or the coordinates.
OK, and that two string method.
If we jump into the coordinates class here, you will see that I have actually explicitly written a
two string method and I'm using the string that format because I want that to look nice.
OK?
And so I'm printing something and then an arrow and then and then the chess coordinates.
So when I'm printing here, printing here is the chess coordinates like this chess coordinates and then
the array coordinates.
Sorry, if I said chess coordinates when I was pointing at this earlier X and Y.
So in other words, I want to be able to see really nicely everything that's there.
OK?
And that is the reason and really the only reason at this point why I am storing the original chess
coordinates as a string here really just so that I could have a nice.
To string method that gives me all of this pretty stuff here, OK?
And of course, I'm using the string that format just so that I can get that nicely formatted.
OK.
So it's really just for show.
All right.
And so that is what's going on here.
Oh, and one last thing now.
Yes.
So originally when I wrote this, this test method, I didn't do it quite in such a fancy way where
I was iterating through all of the arrays.
So the first to all of the chess moves.
When I first wrote this method, I only needed to implement one particular type of movement that the
pawn could make.
OK.
And so at that time, I knew that I could count on the one and only chess movement that the pawn could
make being the first and only element in my valid moves array here.
And so you're just seeing that.
I originally wrote this a little bit more simplistically within a third equals, I just said assert
that the expected destination is equal to the zero ETH or the first element in this array.
OK.
But as I implemented more movements that the pawn could possibly make, this array started to grow in
size.
And I no longer wanted to just assume that the move one forward movement was always going to be the
first one in this array.
I didn't want to assume that any longer.
And so then I thought a safer thing to do here would be to just loop over all of the movements and search
for one that matches what I'm looking for.
OK.
But this is how I actually started it with this equal thing.
And then eventually I came back and I refactored this method to use this more complex approach where
I'm searching through things so that the method the test itself would be safer.
OK.
All right.
Another really long one, and I only got to explain like two tests here.
So again, see, I'll see you in the next one, and I will explain some more of what's going on here.
See in the next one.